Add notes for July 2020 (#65)
tc39/tc39-notes: meetings/2020-07/july-20.md

RBN: No contention about that at all. I agree that’s the case.

MM: Oh! Okay then I misunderstood something.

RBN: That's how it currently works.  I'm trying to say the class will be TDZ outside the class definition until the class is fully initialized. Which should align with how static fields are initialized.

MM: Great. I very much support this for stage 2.

SYG: I really do like the multi-step static initialization. I think that alone is enough motivation for something like this. My one comment right now is - and as folks have pointed out this is not a stage 2 blocker right now - I’m unconvinced by the special `var` treatment. I would like to think of this as not a function boundary but a block that runs. So, to have vars not escape the static block seems weird to me. I'd like to understand the motivation for that better, for Stage 3.

RBN: My question would be, how would you imagine that `var` would work in that case? Would it lift out of static block into the surrounding function scope?

SYG: Yes

RBN: I’ll be honest, if I could’ve written this as `static(){`, then I would have, but that's already legal JS 

> Because it has special semantics around how `this` works, because otherwise who knows what `this` would be referring to, and then we have the complexity around what happens with return, await, yield. I saw on IRC that there’s some discussion about the class access constructions, that one, I may eventually bring back, but that one had some strange things around evaluation, since its main motivation was around private static and subclassing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because it has special semantics around how `this` works, because otherwise who knows what `this` would be referring to, and then we have the complexity around what happens with return, await, yield. I saw on IRC that there’s some discussion about the class access expressions, that one, I may eventually bring back, but that one had some strange things around evaluation, since its main motivation was around private static and subclassing.
```

> So again the main reason that it’s essentially treated kind of like a function but I can’t put parens in because it would conflict with existing syntax, and then vars ??? be hoisted out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So again the main reason that it’s essentially treated kind of like a function but I can’t put parens in because it would conflict with existing syntax, and as such vars would not be hoisted out.
```
